hello may be here hello everyone this is
near Mia and overly we could get a an
actual interview with param here a brain
people been wondering about you like are
you real are you fake like what's the
deal like why do people think that you
exist it just would have to make sense
right what does it mean what do you mean
it's like what's this mean seriously I
you know people out obsessed that you're
real and nature in Minecraft but that
made sense what would it mean in the
long run mehriban what yeah that's why I
got here about over here and he will
tell us when what's it mean like to you
what does it mean here a brain glad when
tell us tell us tell us Wow it has to be
because yeah but you say you believe the
night y'all that's my dad's sister
there's an egg this is because now
actually Sapa does not start to God
exists anywhere anytime right lemme just
make sense do you think about it it does
sure people think Bobby I'm not really
bad to have a guys don't know me but no
awfully people would understand you mean
we may be here ah yeah everybody's lamb
disturb its like cab just how does no I
people I think I don't exist will they
now Wow seriously people yeah go along
this path I don't you try and i'll do a
mistake ah ah ah ah ah they don't do the
other slide at checkout line stretched
out is too big disappointment when you
get to that point lots yeah that's why
the oxide hide no awfully that is about
I mean they're a little joke yeah what
hath make sense huh um the reason why
actually given us an interview I mean
that would have to be a reason right I
mean you're here right here with me so
why would you be here
then exactly sure why you're here
banking in popular he's updating or then
again why by interviewing I mean let's
make sense to hmm interesting ah well
there's a nice studio area isn't it so
what else do you want to talk about is
there anything else you wanted to talk
about I'm sure there's something
anything come on come on you know you're
at us interviewing a terrible why why do
people think you're a myth it just yeah
it's a bit bizarre if you think about it
but and it just seems too happy huh well
he'll ask me because actually here for
ambition cause what i say is tommy and
assonance that you got is only about 70
actually he relocated spotlights again
she by her nose the gas and cause
figuring out how but even function her
stuff plus that's not her dad haha
uh